Small improvements (#69)
BurendoUK/burendo-handbook-public: docs/autogenerated-menu/Our Practices/Delivery/delivery-practice.md

### Regular Meetings  

> All our meetings are captured in the practice calendar. As a Burendoer, you can join the calendar, or find links to the meetings following the bookmarked links from the `#cop-delivery` channel on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our meetings are captured in the practice calendar. As a Burendoer, you can join the calendar, or find links to the meetings following the bookmarked links from the `#practice-product-and-delivery` channel on Slack.
```
